I am his mother
Please let my daughter go
Enough Lu Jiaming
Where's your witness?
serve
Uncle, do you still remember?
After my eldest brother passed away
My father made a will
Leave the shares of the Lu family to his children who are fine
It's clearly written on the shares
Is the Lu family passed down from male to female?
Yes, but my sister-in-law?
Lust
He is for the property of the Lu family
He sent his own daughter away
I found a baby boy to pretend to be the eldest grandson of the Lu family
Wait for the limelight to pass
He adopted his daughter as his adopted daughter
But the funny thing is
He actually lost his own daughter
Adopted a fake daughter
It's Lin Jiaojiao
I can testify
After Su Hua found out that I was not his biological daughter
Afraid that I would walk the news, he killed me to silence it. It's nonsense
Second Uncle, a person who even dared to slander Yang Mu
Can you believe what he said?
I have proof.
This paternity test report can prove that the mother Xinxin
Su Hua's biological daughter
What else to say
Shuhua, you are so vicious
You are not only unworthy to be a member of the Lu family
I don't deserve to be a mother
Uncle report can indulge
The clouds are all my children
Su Hua is in your heart
Money is the most important thing